Adds some generic species lore, descriptions, etc. to a few species (#82162)
tgstation/tgstation: config/game_options.txt

ROUNDSTART_RACES ethereal
#ROUNDSTART_RACES jelly
#ROUNDSTART_RACES abductor
#ROUNDSTART_RACES snail

## Races that are straight upgrades. If these are on expect powergamers to always pick them
#ROUNDSTART_RACES skeleton
#ROUNDSTART_RACES zombie
#ROUNDSTART_RACES pod

> ## Races that radial departures to what a species is, so while they technically can be roundstart it's probably not wise

Author: ```suggestion
## Races that are radical departures to what a species is, so while they technically can be roundstart - it's probably not wise
```
